[Music]
a woman with tight hands is desperately
grabbing rust the water flow is too fast
fortunately the survival instinct allows
her to seize the life-saving straw again
but it's worse there is an abyss under
the woman
she has nowhere to go how to do she
clenched her teeth
burst out muscles all over the body a
kick
finally successfully collapsed on an
ajung so strong
but who knows the woman is even more
panicked at this time
her life-saving straw was an aging wing
that was about to be washed away
it won't last long at all only dangerous
the woman started to stand up cautiously
she must before the wing breaks
leap to the other end she can be tied
with her hands
can it really be done her name is laura
a stowaway who was sold to the elbin
cottonfield
it's here luo here an old man's
unstoppable cough
the locals ordered him to continue his
duties the old man just got up
they are obviously tall and big eyes
widened
dare not make any sound leaving only the
panning sounds one after another
praying not to be s laura was sold here
for four years
today she is ready he must escape
so the companion picked up a shovel to
attract attention laura flying across
just to dodge the enemy's bullets
leaning on a big rock
she blocked many enemy attacks the
companion cuts off the sling again
the rapidly spinning gears made people
flee and panic
laura seizes the opportunity madly
rushing outside
but ran to a cliff she stopped this is
the most embarrassing position in the
world
the gunshots of the locals are getting
closer laura has to make a choice
she quickly climbed up this dead tree
but unfortunately
didn't run a few steps the locals who
rushed here were just a few gunshots
without landing fell off the cliff in an
instant
fortunately the water is deep enough the
woman is not dead
looking at the woman washed away by the
current the locals are very upset
this is the first person to escape soon
laura realized
the rapid current has drawn her into a
more terrifying world
[Music]
she held her breath slowly stand on the
wing
at this moment the tail of the wing
shakes suddenly
it's going to be broken the woman must
be before the wing breaks
appeared on the other end of the plane
otherwise 100 meters of cliff waterfall
fall down only death she started to run
wild
jump high success
have lingering fears she gritted her
teeth climb up forcefully
she found a loophole jump in the woman
is temporarily saved
cut the tied twine suddenly she felt the
plane shake again
isn't it that's too late she grabbed the
flap
it just so happened that the plane was
washed away by the current at this
moment
it's worse the woman was rushed to the
splint by gravity in an instant
too late to breathe the steel block on
the splint is broken
adhesive the second piece the third
piece
she looked up at the top tremblingly
it's a skydiving bag
adjust posture slightly jumped up grab
the skydiving bag
but the splint at this moment is already
overwhelmed
moment of life and death she pulls the
button
finally saved
wakes up and finds herself in a
different world knight
vagley saw a person it's her father
strange
why did he see her avoid it like crazy
original this family is all grave
robbers
daughter in search of father was sold to
fl bin for four years
during the period she learned local
people grow cotton land
is to cover up seven the real purpose is
to dig the grave
quickly the locals are following they
coerced her to open the fruits of her
father's years of research
a thousand-year-old tomb
everything here is extremely weird
dozens of spiders drilled out of a skull
people can't help but shiver suddenly
the steel knives rising from the ground
competed to pierce a man
they came to the broken bridge there are
white bones underneath
latter down they came to the mystery
world the floor under my feet is falling
one by one
before they fall into the abyss guess
the answer
laura tried some blocks it's useless
perhaps this blue card which was
abandoned from the beginning
might be useful green
it's really useful they walked into a
deeper world
lying in the center is a giant golden
coffin
open the golden coffin lying in the
coffin as a female body in a strange
costume
strange runes carved on the forehead
suddenly
the corpse keeps volatilizing after
being exposed to oxygen
the flesh-colored skin gradually
disappeared
5. replaced by is a gloomy bone
local people lifted up the moon suddenly
turned over
everyone retreated a few meters in
fright draw a gun and face off
after the atmosphere freezes for a few
minutes they can see
this is just a blindfold the soldier
touched the corpse with his hand
slapped but got some kind of poison
constant blackening mutation
spread from arm to whole body he
screamed weirdly gradually lose your
mind
indiscriminately fire everybody he looks
at the leader
this is his prey the leader fired three
shots in a row
he just struggled to fall down the crazy
leader is more aware
the corpse is extremely valuable he
pinched off the corpse's index finger
laura and father looked at each other is
an opportunity
he grabbed the machete and chopped off
the soldier's pistol father picks up a
gun and shoots
hit the team leader's thigh about to
gain the upper hand
the soldier's body suddenly rises behind
him actually mutated
he got up suddenly swing his father's
pistol with one palm
punch and kick the other side's daughter
is hiding in the dark
the movement still attracted the
soldiers he got into a small hole
laura pulls a fault slab abruptly she
stepped on the organ
the huge iron spurs in front of you hit
the sea dodge
fly and fall down again
the huge body has become a natural
disadvantage of soldiers he was
instantly stabbed by iron
broke his breath the father at this time
has mutated
he commanded his daughter with a
surviving human breath to stop the
leader
laura kicked off the ladder cut off the
only way out
fight life and death with the leader she
was beaten to the point where she could
not fight back
he stepped on her arm stroke on laura's
throat with a bayonet
a moment of life and death there was a
loud explosion in the tomb
is the father in order to prevent
mutation from harming people
take care of yourself daughter seizes
the gap
kick the leader shut the broken finger
of the cuff into the leader's throat
he will also mutate take this
opportunity laura kicked him into the
abyss
and the resonance caused by the
explosion is about to cause a collapse
never go i'm going to sleep with the
ancient tomb
laura picked up the bayonet then cod
jump
no force on bayonet drop down step by
step
miracles often erupt in despair laura
with bayonet and left hand
step by step forward after climbing the
slope
rushed like a fatal man
last minute she grabs the rope
successfully survived the mortal game
the story ends here this is a movie tomb
raider modified from the game
it can be said restore the game model to
a large extent
it's just that laura has a protagonist
boss added throughout and we as players
it's a miracle to be alive